where you
doing and exactly taken from the space
directly on the galaxy math assessment
a very very old world a very beautiful
world for a very long time the expense
of tackling our huge thats a dude
oh this is just great Indian footage we
just put a camera in and walk around
Sam crawlers little dance
obviously the door out there move around
and deuterated cams in different places
a lot of variation aims and desert you
can see these amazing cracker is he
going to
add the little that's a sniper up there
if you try to go through these small
spaces exam table is a very long rifles
will shoot at you
this is one of the farming communities
out there power whenever they can
actually been brought in by a local war
horse bad stuff out there
Sam people have really really close the
civilization that's actually a quest
piece where you're going to try to go
try to push them back
this is actually a farm experiment
completely overrun abandon architecture
of the field
that's the whole way out where they can
actually start to build the water
filtration systems do some of their own
set there's no real threat
what do things you'll notice there's
actually very little civilization there
a little bit every time you look at the
desert it's a it's a lot another a lot
of place to adventure anything you try
to build out there has to be defended by
somebody because the creatures of the
sand people or the local warlords in
there
a small little space but even if any of
the big walls they protect themselves
this is actually Anchorhead Anchorhead
is the biggest town in the entire place
is where you're going to go to trade
it's really going to be your friend your
crafting see only place with a decent
bar in the entire planet so you want to
come out here know where there there
there
lot out there waiting for you
that's nasty
yeah ruins e so let's take a look at all
again
all right so is very cold
there were these very very warm
right over the atmospheric off and
innocence actually fell into the
atmosphere and people thought they were
destroyed they survived and reveled in a
giant what we call ship graveyard huge
group of pirates down the ship graveyard
inserted taking apart a lot of the
seekers of herbalife Republic went in
there to give them the entire went in
there to get though and now it's kind of
a big terrible frosty quagmire and
everybody stuck in its really really
hard to get anything going and off this
is a mining facility that's actually
been there for a long time what about
your colon
you are a little blue guys with the
elephant notice they actually are from
other planets middle fine
pirates are pretty much but using and
abusing
small indoor space dude eating the
indoors names are just bass in there the
wildlife is not friendly at all
this is a small settlement usually what
they do is they create a pad in and just
find the natural ice cave and filled it
out as they can put as much new years
began and stay indoors this is a very
small piece of a capital ship that
crashed on ha you can go in and explore
the crash totally see the insides and
all criminal this is a base it'll
definitely house they're very good but
this is actually
those who do not know hot is volcanic in
the middle that is how there is my phone
ha and if the heat rises it up and that
actually let's plan to be grown in the
underground cavern on the beach
and a way down beings are actually
places where they have boundaries
there's actually a lot of interesting
variety even the big ice planet that's
all